What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	After running the 'git init' command a folder named .git is created which 
is used to store all the metadata of the repository. This is how git repositories are
create that is why it needs doing.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is a place where you, manually, add the files you want to add to the 
next commit. It doesn't include all files but the ones you put in there and the working 
directory is the current location you are within the filesystem unlike the repository which
is the grouping of files within a working directory however it need not be all the files within
the working directory.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

	Use the commang 'git diff --staged' to check the difference between the last commit and the files
inside the staging area. Check the differences and make a decision on whether it is a logical change.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	When you want to make variations of the project without messing with it, you know making experiments on the side 
which are not part of the original idea but could be, in the future. One is the production branch and the others are 
the experimental branches. Branches help keep this two apart while you keep working on the original porject and 
testing out the other idea/s without affecting each other.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Drawing the diagram allows me to visualise how branching works in Git. I can now see the flow of the commits and 
branching. I now understand the flow of git which will help with the development.


What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

	When two branches are merge they become a stronger, longer unit which has a reference to both parents giving it
access to the commits from each and the lastest commit becomes the tip of the branch. The diagram is done in this 
way to give you a netter understanding of what is happening within Git as it is not a single linear timeline.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Pros:
	- Automatic merging safes a lot of checking time. You don't have to go through the commit looking for the differences.
	- Auto is less like to human error.

	Cons:
	- Manual is slow.
	- Prone to human error.